# Reference  
## Network diversity and economic development  
[link](http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/download?doi=10.1.1.468.5423&rep=rep1&type=pdf)  
#### Unique in the Crowd: The privacy bounds of human mobility  
[link](http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/download?doi=10.1.1.468.5423&rep=rep1&type=pdf)  
We study fifteen months of human mobility data for one and a half million individuals and find that human mobility traces are highly unique. In fact, in a dataset where the location of an individual is specified hourly, and with a spatial resolution equal to that given by the carrier's antennas, four spatio-temporal points are enough to uniquely identify 95% of the individuals. We coarsen the data spatially and temporally to find a formula for the uniqueness of human mobility traces given their resolution and the available outside information. This formula shows that the uniqueness of mobility traces decays approximately as the 1/10 power of their resolution. Hence, even coarse datasets provide little anonymity. These findings represent fundamental constraints to an individual's privacy and have important implications for the design of frameworks and institutions dedicated to protect the privacy of individuals.
#### Identifying Influential and Susceptible Members of Social Networks  
[link](http://science.sciencemag.org/content/337/6092/337)  
Identifying social influence in networks is critical to understanding how behaviors spread. We present a method that uses in vivo randomized experimentation to identify influence and susceptibility in networks while avoiding the biases inherent in traditional estimates of social contagion. Estimation in a representative sample of 1.3 million Facebook users showed that younger users are more susceptible to influence than older users, men are more influential than women, women influence men more than they influence other women, and married individuals are the least susceptible to influence in the decision to adopt the product offered. Analysis of influence and susceptibility together with network structure revealed that influential individuals are less susceptible to influence than noninfluential individuals and that they cluster in the network while susceptible individuals do not, which suggests that influential people with influential friends may be instrumental in the spread of this product in the network.  
#### Social fMRI: Investigating and shaping social mechanisms in the real world  
[link](http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1574119211001246)  
We introduce the Friends and Family study, a longitudinal living laboratory in a residential community. In this study, we employ a ubiquitous computing approach, Social Functional Mechanism-design and Relationship Imaging, or Social fMRI, that combines extremely rich data collection with the ability to conduct targeted experimental interventions with study populations. We present our mobile-phone-based social and behavioral sensing system, deployed in the wild for over 15 months. Finally, we present three investigations performed during the study, looking into the connection between individuals’ social behavior and their financial status, network effects in decision making, and a novel intervention aimed at increasing physical activity in the subject population. Results demonstrate the value of social factors for choice, motivation, and adherence, and enable quantifying the contribution of different incentive mechanisms.  
#### Social Network Analysis: Foundations and Frontiers on Advantage  
[link](http://annualreviews.org/doi/abs/10.1146/annurev-psych-113011-143828)  
We provide an overview of social network analysis focusing on network advantage as a lens that touches on much of the area. For reasons of good data and abundant research, we draw heavily on studies of people in organizations. Advantage is traced to network structure as a proxy for the distribution of variably sticky information in a population. The network around a person indicates the person's access and control in the distribution. Advantage is a function of information breadth, timing, and arbitrage. Advantage is manifest in higher odds of proposing good ideas, more positive evaluations and recognition, higher compensation, and faster promotions. We discuss frontiers of advantage contingent on personality, cognition, embeddedness, and dynamics.  
#### Solving the cold-start problem in recommender systems with social tags(涛哥做的)  
[link](http://iopscience.iop.org/article/10.1209/0295-5075/92/28002/meta)  
Based on the user-tag-object tripartite graphs, we propose a recommendation algorithm that makes use of social tags. Besides its low cost of computational time, the experimental results on two real-world data sets, Del.icio.us and MovieLens, show that it can enhance the algorithmic accuracy and diversity. Especially, it provides more personalized recommendation when the assigned tags belong to more diverse topics. The proposed algorithm is particularly effective for small-degree objects, which reminds us of the well-known cold-start problem in recommender systems. Further empirical study shows that the proposed algorithm can significantly solve this problem in social tagging systems with heterogeneous object degree.  
#### Predicting Personality Using Novel Mobile Phone-Based Metrics  
[link](https://link.springer.com/chapter/10.1007/978-3-642-37210-0_6)  
The present study provides the first evidence that personality can be reliably predicted from standard mobile phone logs. Using a set of novel psychology-informed indicators that can be computed from data available to all carriers, we were able to predict users’ personality with a mean accuracy across traits of 42% better than random, reaching up to 61% accuracy on a three-class problem. Given the fast growing number of mobile phone subscription and availability of phone logs to researchers, our new personality indicators open the door to exciting avenues for future research in social sciences. They potentially enable cost-effective, questionnaire-free investigation of personality-related questions at a scale never seen before.  

### 胡思乱想  
城市经济发展依据，除GDP以外的  
经济发展和微博关注的负相关性解释：阶层？唯我主义 VS 情景主义  

由用户连边（某个地域的认证用户所拥有的粉丝数）进行经济情况的预测？  
用户性别、微博数、收藏数的差异性影响？  
用户网络解释社会心理阶层？  

用户发微博时的定位  
